everybody welcome back on the line
please planting vines Gasper plus let's
do I mean we did it like a refresh run
and I felt nice about it let's do a
challenge this time keep pouring our way
through these it's going to take some
time but we're we're getting there
xxx xxx xxxx L I don't remember this
challenge b1 9 X 9 C 60 let's remind
ourselves Issac xxxxxx seconds put like
many X's all floors are the size of
Excel floors but does not combine the
floors due to the floors being much
bigger it makes important rooms like
treasure rooms and shops significantly
longer to find oh ok well it's not that
bad it goes all the way to mom's heart
it seems like completely acceptable as
far as like winning a run goes let me
just turn on cheat engine here show it
so I am sure that we only get good items
and ok there you go that was a joke I've
told this story many times but you know
it is bizarro world sometimes when you
work as like someone who makes videos
for YouTube I'm a very simple guy I
don't even edit videos but there was a
time I guess like two and a half years
ago now and I had like a triple digit
streak going in Isaac I have one dude
made a very public post on the binding
of issac subreddit that accused me of
cheating with something that he thought
was proof and then I was like hey if you
actually test it it's not proof and
you're talking out of your butt and he
was like ok well like I'm sorry I made a
mistake but I don't see why you're so
mad well you know you kind of called my
integrity any question publicly there
why would I I'm doing just fine being
bad at the game I don't need to put on
airs to make myself look good at a video
game in fact I think it's time to all
that goes on we've come to realize that
if I was better at a video games it
might actually you know reduce my charm
a little bit I think the northernlion
brand is being very very clever but kind
of stupid not stupid necessarily but a
dim-witted might be a better way to
describe it they do I want the wit
cranked up to like 12 and
the observance cranked down to like you
know four that's my west of loathing has
been so perfect for us it was this video
I'm trying to think of the Isaac back
law is not as long as it has been
because I didn't record any for like two
weeks and it felt weird to not be
playing any Isaac over the course of
like the first half of August but anyway
hopefully the West and loading videos
are still running because that series a
lot of fun but I think it's why west of
loathing works so well is that the game
is largely on Rails and funny so all I
have to do is read somebody else's jokes
and everyone goes this guy's hilarious a
very privileged place to be in and I
appreciate that
alright to spirit hearts probably should
have saved those for the next floor but
let's be realistic
I'm not going to intend to do very much
backtracking over this challenge no
backtracking that's unnecessary at the
very least so item rooms of course are
necessary but will probably go for that
item rooms of course are necessarily are
necessary especially in the early game
but we'll see we finally unlock smaller
rock as well so it might seem like kind
of a minor thing like track nine from
the Red Hot Chili Peppers 2003 album by
the way but it isn't a minor thing like
track nine from the Red Hot Chili
Peppers 2003 album by the way it's
pretty major because it means we you
know one more damage upgrade in the pool
by the way album by the way all it's
from 2002 so that's my bad and then
track listing minor thing track 14
that's like way down there let's go back
here
track 14 dude I'm actually on if I may
I'm kind of impressed with myself that I
got to track 14 in an album when I was
like 14 years old well it's not that
like when I was 10 you buy an album he
only listened to the single we didn't
have iTunes back then you buy the wild
wild west soundtrack you listen to track
one side one wild wild west you know
that's what I got the album for I'm not
here to listen to you know the symphony
when Jim West takes on you know general
ear wax or whatever the heck is name is
I guess you know I started getting into
the album sort of thing is I got a into
my teenage years that makes sense why by
the way I don't know mostly like
listening to music back then you had
some inertia you just put the album on
and then go to the other side of the
room and you're like do I really want to
get up and go to the CD player that
seems a little oh I got to rip the CD
into Windows Media Player that's a lot
of work I'm not sure if I'm down for
that
we live in a comparative Golden Age now
I'm still old though and I know that
this is kind of like an an overdone bit
but I downloaded an app on my PC and it
kind of weirded me out because I thought
apps were only on iOS like I thought
that on PC we called them like
executables so I had to search on my
laptop I was like you know I have google
play music why I would just walk into it
for a key I have a google play music
subscription because it's like cheap and
also why would I ever buy a contraband
the best of men at work for like ten
dollars when I could just pay $10 a
month and listen to only that
exclusively right it's like the
Photoshop principle but I wanted to get
it on PC because everyone made fun of me
for having a Google Play Music Unlimited
subscription and then using Spotify the
free web Player version for all my music
when I was you know and I'm programming
for example and then I got Google Play
Music and it was like do you want to
download the Google Play Music app and I
was like I don't know that's kind of a
crisis for me if I was using this on my
Apple product I would say yes but
no I still have not come forward into
the modern age I suppose I also Kate
makes fun of me I don't know how to
close applications on on the iPad you
know we've had an iPad she's had one
longer than then we have had one but
I've been using this iPad since like
2013 maybe I do not a clothes anything I
just hit the home button and go back to
the main menu and there's probably like
80 processes open in the background this
is also kind of hilarious because I've
built for a class of mine I've built a
game that ran on iPad in fact it not
only did it run on iPad it only ran on
iPad because it was locked to the iPad
resolution it was an iOS development
course so I actually know more about
writing an application to run on the
iPad than I do about how to like do the
iPads version of alt f4 I'm creating a
very strange
skill set I think you might double tap
the home button and then like slide up
words on things you want to close but
let's be honest that's pretty advanced
how's the challenge going so far
honestly Cissy Long Legs is a really
nice item for us to have we're kind of
passively generating some spiders here
it's not ten out of ten but with one
good deal with the devil it could be
done at a 10 and we are taking longer
than I would like but not necessarily
longer than I'd expect to do this
challenge this is one of those
challenges that I have actually no
memory of whatsoever so I'm pretty sure
that it might have been on the easy side
the relatively you besides the first
time we did it this would have been a
great time to get Duffy's head but I
digress
I know there's to me like is the same
thing I know I'm becoming a little older
because I blame people other than myself
for my problems now like let me let me
give you a thought experiment you're
watching a video on a touchscreen device
how do you make it go from the small
video player to full screen now
statistically probably like 75% of you
were like oh you do like a reverse pinch
you put your fingers yes sure why not
you want to get nuts you put your
fingers together in the center of the
screen and then move them outwards to
like as if you're doing like a weird
snack and then some of the other people
said no you tap on the video player and
then you click on the arrows and it
makes it fullscreen I'm okay if both of
those work when only one of them works
I'm like oh who's the UX designers of
this company I got to talk to them
because this is outrageous that like
this easily it leads to me being made
fun of by my wife in an emasculating
fashion we're watching something on
YouTube you know maybe Dan Gees link
plays Pub G with randoms for example and
then I want to put the video in full
screen and I'm trying to do the the tabs
like the the pinch-to-zoom
and then she's laughing and go and
that's not how you do it
then she taps on it and there's a little
video player control come on we should
have like a universal standard and
before you go Enel what you want me to
hold your hand for you well you know you
want me to hold your pee pee when you go
to the bathroom first off who's offering
secondly you know they have like AI a so
standards for writing the freaking date
we need some ISO standards for video
player controls that's all I'm saying
I'm not saying it's like a war crime or
something like that but now you can't
get ISO certified as a manufacturing
company if you write your dates in like
the day month year format and you're
going to make fun of me say it's
outrageous that I think video players
should have standardized controls it's
like you know why not just make it so a
1 a VCR just google it if you don't know
what it is I'm just joking you know what
it is presumably not a laser disc on a
VCR the play button is the triangle to
which we're all familiar with but o on
the blu-ray player no we don't use that
button anymore we use a big you know a
green
button that says pee on it oh why don't
you just learn what it is for it because
we're trying to simplify it okay it's
kind of like I always feel like there
should be like standardization is
important and I know that sounds boring
because everyone's like I want to you
know express myself I'm expressing with
the full capabilities and now I'm living
in correctional facilities some don't
agree with how I do this but I feel like
at least within a country there should
be standardized road signs I grew up in
Ontario and anytime you tell people
about driving Nate no matter what you
say you're like I Drive by the rules of
the road they go I'll get off the road
grandpa if you go I speed sometimes they
go arrest this man I passed all of my
driving tests on my first try and in
Ontario that's probably the norm but I
know in some places it's not but I just
want to give you a feel for the idea
that I'm not like the world's worst
driver or anything like that but in
Ontario sometimes you're driving you
come across a flashing green light what
is a flashing green light mean in
Ontario that means on a three light
traffic light you have a protected left
turn which is important because you all
that actually work you know some lights
don't have that fourth spot but they
want to give you a moment when you can
turn left without being worried about
traffic that's coming the other way
otherwise like only one car would fit in
on each light good to know right very
important thing to know for the rules of
the road
both book of belial and book of shadows
very interesting I think I'm going to go
Belial because I could use the damage
for now you know what a green light that
flashes in British Columbia means it
means those lights are controlled by
pedestrians so the pedestrians push a
button to cross the road the light could
suddenly change the amber and then to
red to give them a chance to cross
that's the kind of thing I mean I
personal responsibility for sure that's
the kind of thing though I think they
should tell you when you when you cross
the border should be like by the way
have you ever driven in British Columbia
before because green lights that flash
here do not mean turn a headlong into
traffic the other people have a red
light it means that like her turn red at
any moment I just don't understand I
guess there's only a
of different modes of input-output on a
on a traffic light but BC like Andrew
Horgan played John Horgan John Horgan
look I should know our premiers name but
we did just have an election that ended
in weird fashion you got to talk to
Kathleen Wynne and get this sorted out
that's going to lead the people getting
killed dude especially as more and more
people free free British Columbia two
heads Ontario because it's affected the
average housing price I digress anyway
the point is I hate sauerkraut that's
really what I'm trying to tell you we're
almost done with our second floor here
it is getting a little a little
outrageous one day though we'll be free
to do what we want any old time it
almost feels like we should be fighting
mom at this point but no just just
little horn there is this aching little
horn keeps on popping shooting bombs
he's tempting me to use my own but I
won't do linking to okay there's like a
2005 era block party reference like even
three silent alarm but people know who
block party is that's a relatively
universal you know universally
recognizable reference I think to some
extent all right we're going to go deep
here and be a little risky we're going
to take Guppies head for the guaranteed
damage output combined with the mark for
the guaranteed like we have extra damage
now hello Tom oh hello Tom all okay so
we got much better damage and we have
Guppies paw every single room ten out of
ten item in a shop would be a hive mind
at this point if we can make it happen I
can't believe I've exhausted like two
anecdotes to their fullest and yet here
I am on the third floor out of eight
that's like we're a quarter of the way
through the run
that's why you know they call it the
blues now if that's why it's a challenge
to begin with if I had to guess what
does xxxxxx
I'll give you maybe like a 1 makes you
larger pill I don't know when those were
added but these are after birth
challenges so like you know a year or so
after the game's release so as good as
our damage is it's not really good
enough to clear these rooms quickly the
thing with its the the problem with
everything being XL is that essentially
it's not maybe not then it's not just
that you have bigger floors it's that
the way the floor architecture works
that's more likely to give you bigger
rooms as well bigger rooms have more
enemies especially if they have enemies
that generate other enemies it can be a
dang nightmare to get through it by the
way whenever I joke about being old I
always wanted I want to hedge my bets
there and say that I know I'm not old
you know if you were to watch a Pixar
movie that chronicled someone's life in
a montage and then like I haven't seen
the start of up but I imagine that the
way it goes is that first you you meet a
young man and then you see him at
different phases of his life that have
turned them into the grumpy Gus that you
see in front of you today I would only
be at like stage 5 of 8 days you know
you'd see me as a kid then you'd see me
like I don't know why am i driving my
first car or something like that then
you'd see me going off to college then
you'd see me getting married I'm in like
the pre kid pre middle age sort of era
of that montage I'm not even like I
might be halfway through the montage
right now but I am old enough that the
world has changed from at least a little
bit for my formative years which is
really what I'm using that as shorthand
to document I suppose solo while you're
looking looking at me so weirdly buddy
you think your robe in Kent years I'm 28
Tomoe
I'm not going to you know belabor you
with my cat stories because like who
wants to hear other people's cat stories
videos absolutely stories not really but
this homo buddy is like the neediest kin
of all time you it's almost like I feel
like we've accomplished what we should
have accomplished as pet owners
it was Tomo when we got him he was a
little standoffish and then like he
didn't really like people he didn't love
Ruka that much and now like just by
overloading him with attention he can't
live without it now which he might see
is like a sign of weakness but it who
cares
it's not like you have to go out in the
wild any time soon you know if he ends
up living in the wild we got bigger
problems like what nuclear bomb hit he's
a cat he's like a you know a living
ornament and I don't mean that to be
insulting I he's his own boy he can live
his own life as well but you know it's
not like he needs to have the call of
the wild or something like that grab
this grab this living ornament was
probably the reroll as well
living ornament was probably the wrong
word to be honest with you I do not like
the broken modem I think that it is
basically it it throws off our
equilibrium and it's not good enough to
justify putting us on the back foot like
that but yeah now Tomo you like you
wants pets all the time any such your
little cutie
you've become properly socialized
haven't you more or less more or less
okay
the runs going okay we actually should
probably take the emperor card could
save us a lot of annoyance it would be
the way that I would describe it because
I mean but I mean this is really one
where patience is the name of the game I
think if we just if we play our game
it's just Isaac with more rooms like we
we know how to play Isaac the only thing
that could really get up our butts and
kill us which is a very weird turn of
phrase there is if we get impatient and
starts to make mistakes that we
shouldn't make we probably if I'm
leveling with you
that idea to take to take anti grab but
here we are these bomb down here
normally I'd like on an average run
couldn't give two shakes of Atomos tail
about trading two bombs for four bombs
but on a run like this I think those
kind of transactions can can impact
their quality of life especially because
rooms with portals or spider generators
can slob my knob as far as I'm concerned
we can throw a bomb down and take them
out in a reasonable length of time as
opposed to you know struggling with it
absolutely sign me up
signed sealed delivered I'm yours I
can't I know this is getting like a
little I know you said this before but I
can't believe we're on the third floor
of the game it just it shouldn't call it
xxx XL they should call it xx xx SLO W
this is extra slow yeah we can take it
we're probably not too interested in
playing a blood bank and it's an even or
sorry it's an odd numbered floor to
begin with so we can't play a blood bank
sure yeah dude tiny planet why not so
anti grab tiny planet huh that's what
we've chosen to do to ourselves on this
challenge well so be it if this a Nova
Scotian grocery store because so be it
so these is a it's not just Nova Scotian
but it does exist in Nova Scotia so I
actually for what it's worth think this
is better
it's not meaningful and I think it's
better because it gives us a better
ability to hit enemies versus the anti
grab because even when we miss they get
a second chance at coming around here
now I'd rather just like shoot and aim
at them directly but anti grab by itself
eliminates that ability so we're kind of
stuck with what we got here but I got
faith we're going to make it through
this you spend a lot of HP on the last
floor but we're not taking very much
damage the HP that we spent was spent
productively so what am i complaining
about John come on take them out finally
ok so we have found our uh our boss room
we found our item room we found our shop
this hopefully things start to move
pretty quickly on the next floor because
I'm going to I mean another ideal shop
item by the way before I get distracted
would be any kind of mapping to save us
some of these rooms not just to speed up
the run but to minimize the amount of
combat we have to get into before we get
super strong like maximize the
concentration of good news you want to
leave now I thought you wanted done you
want a more attention so we'll use
strength right here hope for a deal with
the devil but don't anticipate one
necessarily
we're actually dealing like a decent
amount of damage with the strength card
going here make sure you're releasing
the shots in time for them to actually
hit because the shot speed is pretty
slow right now lar that'll do it we got
super lucky speed upgrade is whatever
but the deal with the devil for a guffy
item in particular is strong hopefully
we can manage to snag this last guppy
item and probably not on the next floor
but hey you know big floor a lot a lot
of opportunities and we got another
spirit heart which is also very valuable
but now this is where things might start
to pop off so you grab the Hermit card
you come down here we got 44 cents you
pop the Hermit card and hope to not
fight greed please okay I kind of like
it I think it's worth getting the potato
peeler because a single orbital can also
deal a lot of damage certainly I would
say humbling bundle is probably worth it
which you might have expected based on
the fact that I just bought it there's
options as tempting but I kind of want
to go for something a little greater
because and immediately useful in the
form of blank card because we can't take
advantage okay I do think nine-volt is
kind of like a nice a nice compromise
here item room is right there but I am
hoping still to maybe come across
mapping in there somehow piggy bank is
not amazing of course but it does exist
let's work our way in the opposite
direction if possible from from the
origin point of this floor and maybe
we'll get lucky and find a way to finish
this off but as is I'm okay with what
we've gotten from this floor I do sort
of wish we've gotten a little more
immediate use out of the shop but hey
humbling bundle is not bad certainly
and nine-volt not incredibly useful on
probably our average room but if we ever
end up replacing guppies head there's a
decent chance that ends up being pretty
great for us you've got a double key
room would i reroll my whole run it at
some point why not right you might as
well take a take them up on the offer
here we're not going to have that
opportunity just yet though justice got
a spirit heart out of it which is
actually very nice and then a death card
we should go for it
I don't expect it to be good but we got
to take every opportunity here that's
quite a lot of money which is maybe like
the the ideal get there don't just throw
stuff away
this has me itching for like real damage
upgrade because we're doing a lot better
with this Empress card I don't want to
run away with it right now like a song
by the far side but at the same time I'm
missing this damage potential and I'm
looking forward to hopefully getting to
that point in the future magician not
bad but I think the death cards a little
bit more potent because hopefully we can
just walk into this room and kill a dead
monkey yes two extra bombs I saw it
coming but I didn't didn't turn away
fast enough we got to check this for
like an emperor card not necessarily bad
honestly but not what we're looking for
God you got me focused too much on
strategy now it's probably will blow
this up it's gone forever now it's
moving box which i think is horrible
more or less in retro vision which is
not worth anything and then moving boxes
also not worth anything so we'll just
move along in a way this is the most
challenging of all the challenges
because I find myself I'm not fighting
the game anymore you know when you're
fighting an obstacle you kind of have a
chip on your shoulder and you go I'm
going to beat this obstacle this
obstacle is not better than me on this
one I have to beat my own brain I have
to continually remind myself and not
just remind myself but put it into
action that we need to you know play
smarter which is not always easy you
know knowing the right decision and
making the right decision are not always
one in the same you know we all know
flamin hot cheetos not great for us do
we eat them yeah many of us do myself
included
I don't need flamin hot cheetos but
that's only because they don't have them
in Canada I have had them once in the
United States of America did it open my
eyes I I mean to some extent I was like
these are good I I wouldn't say it's a
life-changing experience
it did change my life I'm just saying
for your lives maybe not quite as much
okay so let's go in here Guffey please
no guppy moon card takes us to the
secret room up here we don't really need
any more money is my guess so we'll save
our bombs instead I do want that hermit
card the key is meaningless but being
able to potentially skip like 20 rooms
is is extremely meaningful
have there always been dis many enemies
that take forever to kill an Isaac or is
it just because of this run is so dang
long well we don't really want to go
that way probably instead we'll go this
way
alright Joker card will be amazing ace
of clubs less amazing hangman that's
just perfect timing
well I'm still holding that hope not
necessarily that the run pops off but
that my own brain avoids self-sabotage
here because the only thing worse than
you know doing this challenge once we'll
be doing it twice you know what I mean
you know I should put on the facade of
like oh what an interesting challenge
but mostly I just find myself annoyed
dudes give me head trauma over this you
know you can you can waste my life force
but once you start asking me to clear a
bunch of rooms willy-nilly like I'm
going to have a problem so our hermit
gambit obviously did not work out 100%
we find ourselves still searching pretty
much every room on this floor I think we
should go left
imagine that left is West they always
tell you go west young man and by day I
mean like fictionalized versions of your
parents from a movie that takes place
around the turn of the 20th century
which I think accurately describes most
people watching this if I had to guess
the Dodgers are I wish we didn't have to
oh okay I know I didn't finish the
sentence because I had nothing to finish
I'm just waiting for the magic mush I'm
waiting for the small rock I'm waiting
for the day when they're going to throw
it back to you by now you should've
somehow realized what you got to do
secret room little surprise but dude
that's like enough HP to carry us for a
few floors here okay we got high outs
this is caves two caves two are gonna be
the caves and the kids you know the
caves of 2xl is putting us through hell
and the Kaazing other caves - I don't
believe the caves the caves two caves to
kiss two caves the caves it - okay thank
you
and all the caves behind the you a
basements okay I'm going to not first
off don't want to get sued secondly not
a good joke thirdly we're about to be
guppy so we have to stop complaining Oh
has he done it he has not done it but he
did get death touch which I don't know
why I said it like that
borderline insensitive but on the other
hand great item especially with tiny
planet maybe not especially but tiny
planet is especially lucky to have it I
guess I should say at this point we
might as well like pay five cents for
three flies locked upgrade bothers me
about zero percent and dude were so
lucky again at least in terms of the
speed of which or the rate at which we
can find these item rooms the item room
itself not quite ten anat and in case
that's not pardon me abundantly clear
but on the other hand here we are so
this is depths one nowhere to have baby
nowhere to run after the caves to wits
the generator that did it at that are
did that it at the depths one dams allah
that's love gun by kiss dude I'm sorry
but on a run where we spend so much time
in a holding pattern like this my brain
starts to wander might not be a healthy
habit for survival on this run but it's
pretty healthy for keeping my morale at
a level that's like above zero because
you know I don't want to be the first
element in an array in a sea-based
language sure we're not going to play a
blood bank same principle as last time
we just have no reason to in fact we
have we have an incentive not to rather
would be a apt way to describe it I
don't mind fighting pride because oh
that I mean we shouldn't just walk into
him but if we had gotten yeah stars card
is very useful if we had gotten the
Anarchist Cookbook
look then we would have bookworm right
now which again it adds up is what are
the Politis thing I can really muster
about that it's probably not going to
change the game at this point too much
at least but anything it allows me to
get through enemies at a slightly
increased speed is fine by me
I will use two keys to get four bombs
because again the bombs are kind of like
a precious ability for us to
short-circuit some of these enemies we
don't really want to face yeah
absolutely so we're still kind of on the
razor's edge here like if I could give
the the run credit for something at
least it's a run in which we've a run in
which we've managed to stay kind of like
tents which i think is good for oh just
ricocheted off the wall it's kind of
good for entertainment purposes now a
lot of that tension is I wouldn't say
manufactured but just bad like there is
no reason for me to walk into enemies as
often as I have except for a lingering
kind of frustration and existential
anyway because of the fact that I can't
hit enemies with our tears despite you
know very much wanting to we are getting
through them a little bit faster than we
used to though thanks mostly to desktop
I mostly I mean entirely but at least
this wasn't one where like hey you have
no chance to lose but you also have no
damage so the runs going to take twenty
years but you're never going to actually
feel like you're powerful you know
you're still okay now you're being an
idiot right now
taking a little bit of damage is a
luxury that will afford you because you
played this game a lot and you know when
to hold em know when to fold them what
you want to know you want to know what
happened there
I thought because I've forgot that I was
holding the Empress card but I was not
holding the Empress card instead I was
holding a very valuable card the Stars
which we could have used on our next
floor but you know what maybe this is
the rock bottom that supposedly you have
to hit to get better now I'll stop using
my orbital for all of my damage I'll
focus on dodging and we'll you know it's
up to us at this point to remake our
lives
I want that card back though cause it's
like really good I'm also I'm looking
for a second secret room at the present
moment because even though it's a
prodigious use of bombs second secret
room be real nice but you know what
unnecessary as well all right so we've
spent like eight bombs and we got
nothing at all
a little bit of a bummer so you know
what I'm hopeful we'll beat the odds get
yet another deal with the devil and this
one will be Abaddon which is just like
universally great for us right now and I
even remember the name of the item
please let's go no deal with the devil
we get gish we can make this we can make
it better
that's what Kanye West said and those
are the rules by which I've chosen to
live my life curse of the unknown that's
all right we got one and a half HP we
can I can count that did you hear this
cat in the background I'm sorry
let me back in okay fine hey hello Tomo
Enzo Tomo you want to be my good luck
charm how many Isaac episodes have you
done since I've been gone 20 nope this
is the first one buddy
we're still on Episode one side one
track one
you have a what is it buddy wish he just
came in jumped up and then now you want
to leave again maybe he doesn't want to
come in he wants me to go out that might
be the secret there dude no no no I
don't want to actually see if that's a
bomb because it could be a live bomb
which might prevent me from getting a
payout here the devil fine card old okay
I was scary for all that we got a devil
card in black bean you might think I'm
disappointed you would be correct about
that bad but certainly not that great
either two spirit hearts might even be a
better play than small rock at this
point a toe ball don't go back there my
tombow friend
come on Swan dumpy item helped up there
we go full health
they even got it filled up it's nice
okay pin is going to be here several
pins they will be destroyed dusty they
can't stand up too much scrutiny like
deaths touch tears pin apart I think
it's the first time I've been hit on
this room in like a year and a half
might as well okay
so again I think it is sensible although
kind of annoying to use a bomb to get
access to more bombs and we're going to
have these two bombs because I'm a silly
boy
man what a challenge this is actually
the first challenge out of all the ones
we've done where I'm like I never want
to see this one again as long as I live
I think if you get the right setup for
this like if you get any kind of mapping
you're like I'm fine but if you find
yourself in this position where you're
like fairly strong but just taking
forever just a bad role also none of our
skulls payout with anything useful
anymore it's just mush ease I see you
down there Tom well you can't go down
there here comes the Sun do-do-do-do so
I think we hold the Sun card use it on
the loom one to make sure we make it
through that floor a little faster no
well actually it gets us closer to
stomping things which is at least
interesting saves us the bombs from
trying to blow up skulls if we can make
it happen early enough all right how I
got out of the way of that one yes tell
mo you have anything to say to the
people of YouTube tell mo the one time
he doesn't yell right is when I go for
the call-and-response
making me look like a dang fool
I'm trying I'm giving him the the Tomo
eyes hello
Telmo sound like we're gonna miss boss
rush take some time to talk to my son
Jesus Christ you're killing me here with
these like no skull payouts alright
thank you thank you
last time to make plans well keep moving
alright buddy you can leave but if you
want to be led back in I'll do with but
I'm gonna be like mildly upset
he's a Tomo born under punches
please oh my god that need like a range
upgrade we're not we're not extending
our sites enough oh that's a double
tinted rock which means I actually
cannot access it at the present moment
but that should give us like it
literally cannot give us small rocks so
it must be given us some spirit hearts I
hate you
I'm actually like furious this is as
furious as I get I am so mad right now
okay that time he's dead so all we got
to do is walk
I don't know if we can afford to go into
the curse room I would actually rather
be called a like a loti betta garbage
man then go into the room contribute to
our death and then have to do this
god-awful challenge ever again so
especially having been hit a couple of
times we still got a beat mom mom's no
joke dude
okay now I'm actually quite frightened
but we must have had some spirits
because we're still not using our red
hearts but we might be on one red heart
which puts us in like lethal range from
one enemy if things go wrong we don't
need any of this they can't even be lock
up graves please I just walked right
into that oh it's all falling apart Oh
si big superfan it's an all stats
upgrade we have HP now we have to then
we have to at least check the curse tree
I don't love the idea of doing it
and now I like particularly hate the
idea of doing it but
the lowest we could be ad now is one red
heart so just come back okay we did need
that so I think her head I think we're
now at two full red hearts which is
really low that is not a lot of value
here please give me two bombs
I would like to access is that a shop is
that our shop
imagine how much different this run
might look if I hadn't stupidly used
that card on the last floor for no
reason at all this is big no greed
spirit heart battery charge sure why
thank do we benefit at all from box of
trinkets suppose we should use it we're
not doing anything else with the money
lebowski let's see what we can get now
not not really worth it probably should
have generated a second trinket instead
of two more flies with Guppies head but
kind of ancient history at this point as
is the start of this run well we're
probably not getting the deal with the
devil on this floor now
I think we have a pretty simple finish
all we need to do right now at least
leave this without dying
I'll take damage and be okay with it but
we can't die then you pop the Sun on the
first room of the womb one it tells you
where to go you go there thank you for
the two-spirit arts you go there
and like life is but a dream right we've
only got two more floors to go we are
going the right way do you hear that
there is a Tomo boy at the door he
wishes to be let in
I'm sorry Telmo it's crunch time now
this room is not in a good place for me
right now you know what you got two
bombs we're never coming back this way
we got to check on this I didn't realize
we had three hearts actually by the way
we could have figured that out because
now that I think back we were unable to
get to the boss Trap room which means
that we must have had at least two
hearts at that point luck foot probably
not super meaningful but tower kind of
like a last-ditch card we could use to
maybe hurt mom's heart if we were in a
pinch
actually fine getting through this floor
in like a sensible amount of time it's
quite nice we also have a hundred
percent chance we deal with the devil
okay shouldn't a walk into them but and
then we pull I am an actual moron man no
now now is not the time
homo don't use the tower
I find myself like hovering over the Q
key like using the tower is a smart idea
it's not a smart idea it's a very bad
idea you did fine there just let that be
your like defining element here sure we
could take all these but I'm not gonna
I'm going to take a Thames because it
could help us get some HP back the moon
card is a teleport which could help a
little bit it's already kind of power
well let's go for it I don't think I
care about the the duct tape right now
instead moon me up buttercup baby this
will be a great time for health upgrade
or oh my lord
magic mush Domo what is it buddy you
sold like attention-starved right now no
no thank you don't let him trick you
okay he sounds like like he's in misery
he's not a misery he just knows this is
the best way to get pets is to to meow
like that oh my god he's losing his mind
tinted rocks this is a tinted rock
paradise sadly we have none
we're still like very very far from
being out of the woods I am a scared boy
right now he has actually done it don't
even start with me by the way we got
carried by Guffey it's a 45-minute run
to get to the womb - ain't no one
getting carried this late in the game
first things first this is the realest
you excited Tom oh we're going to beat
the challenge and by we I mean I mean me
like you didn't really have any positive
or negative influence on it one way or
the other we can fly that's right tinted
no tinted I like the way your room looks
but there's no tinted you go to the hill
miel crickets head I almost walked right
into that that would have been well
foolhardy let's not be too hard on
ourselves lemonparty actually a very
good pill for our offensive-minded
purposes right now I think we're going
to coast this one into the finish but
dude this was not a great reminder of
what the best the challenges have to
offer is this was like kind of a little
bit not that good required a little bit
more sustained focus than I like but I'm
not complaining too hard you know it's a
one in done once you finish it it's gone
forever dude
locusts to famine long time no see like
a TV show starring Mischa Barton and
Rachel Bilson's
please you can't give me a dead end
I've just gone through like 15 rooms I'm
sorry it's actually against the Geneva
Convention for you to give me a dead end
here hey Tom all you can't be on the
computer body because you're being a
silly boy and Roca stepped on the
computer during the battlegrounds
recording it made me a very odd happy
individual this is like a new record for
cat interruptions by the way I recognize
there are some people they watch these
videos and go why doesn't he keep the
cat's out of the room when he records
because it adds the entertainment okay
in my opinion at least where you're
watching videos of a grown adult man
playing a video game like you want me to
kick my son out of the room I'm already
wasting you know the prime years of my
life playing this dang XXXL challenge
okay we pulled ourselves out of what of
what was temporarily like a bit of a
spooky situation in there but here we
are generating flies bombs are
relatively irrelevant finally please no
spirit heart but you know the thought
that counts is every time we we enter a
room with like four rooms coming off of
it I'm just like oh good a new floor
like this could actually go on forever
I'm begging you for freedom and mercy
from this challenge why not make an
xxxxx xxxxx l challenge where every
floor is twice as large as they are in
the XXL challenge you know
as long as we're approaching
ridiculousness
might as well take it to its illogical
conclusion right come on come on finally
okay it's the final room this could
still go wrong if it does I really do
have no one to blame but myself but
that's probably not going to stop me I
don't think that even hits mom's heart
but you got a check he's done it no
escape this is the ax dude you made it
you earned it
get the heck out of there we got gold
hearts say those are pretty good thanks
for watching I hope you guys enjoyed the
episode if you didn't click the like
button ups have a great deal of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time